[DataGrid] Add indexes relative to the filtered rows and the current page to the `getRowClassName` and `getRowSpacing` props (#3882)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/style/style.md

**Note**: You must use `headerAlign` to align the content of the header.

## Striped rows

> The following demo illustrates how the rows of the grid can be stripped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `indexRelativeToCurrentPage` param passed to `getRowClassName` to apply alternating styles to the rows.

code example...

The following demo illustrates how the rows of the grid can be striped.
```

> {{"demo": "StripedGrid.js", "bg": "inline", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

Reviewer: I think the code example above can be replaced if we show the preview.

```suggestion
{{"demo": "StripedGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}
```
